Fixes URL fragments (#16772)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/5/index.md

- The {{ domxref("setTimeout()") }} method now clamps to send no more than one timeout per second in inactive tabs. In addition, it now clamps nested timeouts to the smallest value allowed by the HTML5 specification: 4 ms (instead of the 10 ms it used to clamp to).
- Similarly, the {{ domxref("setInterval()") }} method now clamps to no more than one interval per second in inactive tabs.
- [`XMLHttpRequest`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest) now [supports the `loadend` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/Using_XMLHttpRequest#detecting_any_load_end_condition) for progress listeners. This is sent after any transfer is finished (that is, after the `abort`, `error`, or `load` event). You can use this to handle any tasks that need to be performed regardless of success or failure of a transfer.

> - The {{ domxref("Blob") }} and, by extension, the {{ domxref("File") }} objects' `slice()` method has been removed and replaced with a new, proposed syntax that makes it more consistent with [`Array.slice()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/slice) and [`String.slice()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/slice) methods in JavaScript. This method is named [`mozSlice()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob#mozslice) for now.

Author: ```suggestion
- The {{ domxref("Blob") }} and, by extension, the {{ domxref("File") }} objects' `slice()` method has been removed and replaced with a new, proposed syntax that makes it more consistent with [`Array.slice()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/slice) and [`String.slice()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/slice) methods in JavaScript. This method is named `mozSlice()` for now.
```

#### NetUtil.jsm

> - The [`asyncFetch()`](/en-US/docs/JavaScript_code_modules/NetUtil.jsm#asyncFetch) method now supports specifying the input source as an `nsIInputStream`.

Author: ```suggestion
- The [`asyncFetch()`](<https://contest-server.cs.uchicago.edu/ref/JavaScript/developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/JavaScript_code_modules/NetUtil.html#asyncFetch()>) method now supports specifying the input source as an `nsIInputStream`.
```
